---
title: Lin William Cong
---
Lin William Cong is the Rudd Family Professor of Management and Associate Professor of Finance at the Johnson Graduate School of Management at Cornell University SC Johnson College of Business. He is also the founding faculty director for the FinTech Initiative at Cornell. Prior to joining Cornell, he was an assistant professor of Finance and Ph.D. advisor at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business and faculty member at the Center for East Asian Studies. He is a a Kauffman Junior Faculty Fellow, a Poets & Quants World Best Business School Professor, a former doctoral fellow at the Stanford Institute for Innovation in Developing Economies, and a former George Shultz Scholar at the Stanford Institute for Economic Policy Research. Cong serves as associate editor for Management Science, Journal of Corporate Finance, and the Journal of Banking and Finance, has advised FinTech organizations such as Wall Street Blockchain Alliance and ChainLink, was consulted for regulators' lawsuits against KIN/Kik and Telegram's TON regarding their ICOs, as well as for the incubation of Dfinity and its initial research. Cong is a member of multiple professional organizations such as the American Economic Association, European Finance Association, and the Econometric Society. 

   Cong researches on financial economics, information economics, FinTech and Economic Data Science, Entrepreneurship, and China. His academic interests include financial innovation, mechanism and information design, blockchains, cryptocurrencies, digital economy, real options, financial policy and markets in China, machine learning, AI, and alternative data. His recent work has focused on the intersection of technology, data science, and finance. His research has been featured in top academic journals and media such as Bloomberg, CNN, VOX, and Washington Post, and has been recognized with a number of accolades such as the AAM-CAMRI-CFA Institute Prize in Asset Management, Asseth--Kaiko Prize for Research in Cryptoeconomics, the CME Best paper Award, Crypto and Blockchain Economics Research Conference Best Paper Prize, Shmuel Kandel Award in Financial Economics, and Finance Theory Group Paper Award. He has also been invited to speak and teach at hundreds of world-renowned universities, venture funds, technology firms, investment and trading shops, and government agencies such as IMF, Asset Management Association of China, Ant Financial, SEC, and federal reserve banks.  
